Progress Tracker drafting:

WHAT PARTS OF TODAY'S MATERIAL DO YOU FEEL YOU STILL NEED TO WORK ON?

idk i honestly am just having a really hard time caring right now. I just feel very grateful that I can afford to be completely distracted and stop doing my work and still feel like I'm not behind on the material.

WHAT DID YOU LEARN? THOUGHTS ON YOUR PROGRESS:

On Saturday I spent a lot of time reading about Title IX (the federal law that prohibits sex-based discrimination in education ). On the KnowYourIX.org site there was a detailed list of common challenges activists face. They discuss some bureaucratic and legal obstacles activists face, they discuss issues of confidentiality and ethicality, being misrepresented by the media, etc. But the very last obstacle that they list is "Loneliness":

"At times it may feel like you’re standing in the middle of your quad or student center screaming. You may feel that people are not just not listening to you, but that they’re not even hearing you. Being an advocate can be incredibly lonely — and perplexing. When something is just so undeniably wrong as rape, it’s hard to understand why everyone isn’t mobilized immediately and all the time to stop it ... If you feel like you’re alone in this fight, thank you, because that’s exactly where we need you to be. We don’t need advocates against sexual violence only in the women’s studies department — we need them in the locker room, the fraternity, and in corners of the campus where no one seems to care. You’re doing an amazing job, so keep it up."

I really identified with and appreciated that. I've been playing with the idea of dropping out of App Academy, but it's reading stuff like that that keeps me coming in.


WHAT DOES YOUR PARTNER NEED TO WORK ON? ANY ADDITIONAL FEEDBACK? (CONFIDENTIAL)

Pairing with Michael was an overall pleasant and nice experience, but I definitely feel like he didn't respect that I knew anything that he didn't know. Which was like...ok fine, you overall know this stuff way better than I do and you're overall being "nice" to me. But being nice to someone is not the same as respecting someone.

The other day in lecture I asked a complex, non-obvious question about JavaScript . Before I even finished asking my question, a guy yelled out, "That's what binding's for!!" with a "duh!" kind of tone.  "Binding" was the completely 100% wrong answer to my question. He would have known that if he understood binding at all. The gap between how complex my question was and how basic his answer was indicates to me how dumb he thinks I am, and how much smarter he thinks he is. I'm just so tired.

Also, can we just observe that Fernanda used to ask about ten questions per lecture and I think she asked maybe one question all week. Idk why, I haven't talked to her about it, but I suspect it has something to do with disrespect and respect. Just a hunch.
